HYDERABAD

*Daywise itinerary
Day 1: Arrival & Hyderabad Sightseeing
 After freshup, proceed below to Hyderabad Sightseeing Places including:
 Snow World - India’s first and World’s best snow theme park helps to experience snow fall and polar climate as if it is a polar region, then proceed to:
 Birla Mandir - 2000 tonnes of white marble from Rajasthan mixed with 10 years of dedicated work of sculptures – created this captivating Temple, standing on a 280  feet high hill.
 Birla Planetarium - Developed with technological assistance from Japan with cosmic presentation of international standards. Most attractive feature is the Sky Show.
 Birla Science Museum - showcases many sections, each dedicated to a specific field - Interactive Science Section, NRSA, Dinosaurium, etc.
 Lumbini Park - Lush greenery, entertaining rides, calm environment all at one place. Must watch - Laser Show and Musical fountain show in the evenings. Boating at  Hussain Sagar lake not to be missed.
 NTR Gardens - Ride on a toy train, Japanese garden, Desert Garden, Roaring Cascade, Giant Wheel, boating, car cafes, machan Restaurant- just a few attractions of NTR  Gardens.
 Necklace Road - Breath-taking stretch surrounded by three parks, a lake and amusement park, fine dining restaurants and eateries offering Indian to Chinese. You can  watch a video on Necklace Road that our very own team created for brief understanding about the place. We have also covered few shots about the Lumbini Park in the  same video.
 Overnight stay at Hyderabad Hotel.

Day 2: Full Day Ramoji Film City
After Breakfast, proceed to visit primary tourist place of Hyderabad, Ramoji Film City. Full day would be nearly sufficient at Ramoji Film City.

Ramoji Film City - One of the largest and glamorous film studios in the world, Ramoji Film City has also secured a place in the Guinness Book of World Records. Captivating architecture of the studios accompanied with a range of modern settings makes it a favourite place of film-makers; while a wide array of entertainment choices makes it a popular choice of tourists.
Overnight stay at  Hyderabad Hotel.

Day 3: Hyderabad Local Sightseeing
Morning after Breakfast proceed to:
 Golconda Fort - First built by Kakatiya dynasty later developed by Qutub Shahi Kings. Attractions- sound and light show in night; Water supply system, 'Rahban' cannon, Ramdas’ prison. (You can also view our team created video on Golconda Fort here). It would take at least half day here..
 Qutub Shahi Tombs - One of the oldest monuments of Hyderabad; tombs of seven Qutub Shahi rulers presenting a beautiful blend of Persian and Indian architectural styles.
 Salar Jung Museum - 3rd largest museum in India with 43000 art objects (Indian Art, Far Eastern Art, European Art, Middle Eastern Art, etc.), 9000 manuscripts and 47000 printed books, spread in 38 galleries. Not to be missed- Veiled marble statue of Rebecca, 19th C British Musical Clock, etc.
 Chowmahalla Palace - Built in the 18th century during the rule of fifth Nizam, Afzal-ud-Daula, Asaf Jah V, said to resemble Shah Palace of Tehran in Iran in its architectural beauty.
 Charminar - Built in 1591 by Sultan Mohammed Quli Qutb Shah in the honour of his wife Bhagmati. Also known as known as ‘Arc de Triomphe of the East’
 Mecca Masjid – constructed by Sultan Muhammad Quli Qutub Shah in 1614; one of the largest mosques in the world. To see- Belgian crystal chandeliers, intricately designed arches, tombs to asif shah dynasty.
 Lad Bazaar – Evening shopping can be done here.. popular bangles and pearl market, since the time of Nizams. Offers a living heritage of the city
Overnight stay at   Hyderabad Hotel.

 Day 4: Check-out, Optional Hyderabad Sightseeing & Departure
Morning after Breakfast, check-out from the hotel. Depending on your departure time, if time permits, we can recommend few more tourism places.
End of a Great Tour!!!

