PUNE

* Day Wise itinerary:
Day 1 – The Fort
This fort is around 37.00 km away from Pune city and you can also trek to the peak of 4320 feet.
Sinhagad Fort is a magnificent fortress notable for the Battle of Sinhagad in 1671, situated on a hill rising at 760 metres and a popular weekend getaway and monsoon trekking destination around Pune.
Pu La Deshpande Garden
While returning from Sinhagad, you can take a stop to experience Pune Okayama Friendship Garden,located on Sinhagad Road. Pu La Deshpande Udyan built on 10 acres of land and contains natural flow of water,landscape, flower and garden paths.

Day 2 – Outskirts
Outskirts of Pune city has list of tourist attractions such as Bhuleshwar Temple, Lavasa City, Tallest flag and forts for trekking, especially during the monsoon.
Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park is known as Katraj Snake Park, located in Katraj and divided into a zoo, snake park and animal orphanage. The park has the largest collection of venomous Indian snakes that includes Russell’s Viper,King CObra and Indian Cobra.
ISKON Temple
Iskcon NVCC Temple of Pune is located in Kondhwa, in the outskirts of the city of Pune. The temple provides a picturesque view of the surrounding mountains and very good place in Pune to spend quality time with your loved one.

Day 3 – City Tour
Start your day early by visiting the most famous Aga Khan Palace, followed by the one and only Shaniwar Wada with blessing of Lord Ganpati at Dagdusheth Halwai Temple.
Aga Khan Palace is the most important historical monuments in the city of Pune and biggest landmarks in Indian history, located on Pune Nagar Road. This palace holds great significance in the Indian freedom movement and Mahatma Gandhi.
Shaniwar Wada is a palace fort in the Pune city and a tourist site, situated at Shaniwar Peth. The fort has five gates and Dilli Darwaza is the main gate and the complex has an impressive lotus shaped fountain, can be view from Palace.
Dagadusheth Halwai Ganapati Temple is the most famous Lord Ganesha temple in Maharashtra and visited by thousands of pilgrims every year. The temple is a made of beautiful marble and main Ganesh idol with gold ornaments is insured of sum of INR 10 million.
Lal Mahal is situated in the Kasbapeth area of old Pune and one of the must visit monuments in the city of Pune. Red Palace along with Jijamata Garden are famous as memorial, statues and oil paintings.
If Time Permits:
Pataleshwar Cave Temple located on the Jangli Maharaj Road and declared as a protected monument by the government. The rock cut cave temple is dedicated to God Shiva and the complex is huge with a garden,Nandi Bull,sanctum and monuments. image- aroundinpune
Shinde Chhatri located in Wanawadi is a memorial dedicated to Mahadji Shinde and a well known place in Pune. The exquisite architecture,fine carvings and reflecting style of Shinde Chhatri is the major attraction.
Departure.



